Software is developed using Qt open source tools in Qt Creator and mainly using Qt 5.12.8.

Compiling software, you need atleast Qt 5.12.8 with Qt Charts and Qt Serial installed (if not installed
already with Qt) and project opened in Qt Creator. All other methods untested.

There is also precompiled versions for Windows 7 32/64bit and Linux.

After software is executed for the first time, it should create folder "FastECU_OEM" in users home folder,
and copy all config and definition files there that will come with software.

In main screen, with right COM-port selected (dropdown in right of toolbar) it will repeatedly send
SSM-init command to ECU to check ECU ID and possible log parameters. Toolbar/Ecu-menu play-button will
start and stop logging.

Green down-arrow will read ROM from ECU, green up-arrow will test write ROM to ECU and red up-arrow will
write ROM to ECU. In toolbar dropbox car make and flash method should be selected prior that. If there
is ROM opened already, software will change flash method in dropdown corresponding selected ROM in
"Calibration Files"-view.

In lower log parameters area or in map view area, mouse right click opens window to change displayed log
parameters. Saving parameters state and "gauge view" is not yet implemented in this version.

Only tested flash method with this software is "sti04", all others yet untested. "sti04" is tested in bench,
with read and write succesfully with both - Open port 2.0 and generic OBD-cable (FTDI chip) in Windows 7 and Linux.


This is basically test version for reading and writing ECUs. Many of the other options will NOT work yet. Development
of these options is on the way but due to my limited time, it will not be fast. Be patient! :)

Things that not yet work:

- Map interpolation
- Map data copy and paste
- Logger definition file selection/changing from software
- Saving selected logger parameters to config file
- Log file saving
- ECU definition file reading partially. ROMs that inherits definition from another definition will not work.
- Many other things that just don't come to mind right now
